Recommendations:

Website Redesign

Some basics that we should get right:
Have a clean header video with an up front call to action
Establish credibility by proudly displaying positive reviews and earned media hits
Reorganize content and information to drive people towards a data capture mechanism

Ideas to set us apart:
Always-ready chat bot to provide support, capture data and sell
Provide name and email or phone number to get started, then the bot can ask questions to provide the visitor the information they want. We document answers to their questions so really, we’re learning about what the user wants. We provide our call center number and an email address at all points along the way. The bot takes visitors as far along the sales funnel as possible, and then our agent picks up wherever they left off. If possible, build a smart tie-in with our call center so our agents know exactly what information people have looked at when they decide to call.
Create a unique “vacation picker” that showcases the luxury of the camps and the beauty of the surrounding nature by packaging together the tour experiences with video.
Example of a couple basic “vacation pickers” that we can do better than:
http://www.africatravelresource.com/experiences/menu/
https://www.rhinoafrica.com/en/tours
Update Social and Content Strategy

Right now, Wilderness’s social media presence is heavy on photography and storytelling. I would recommend making the focus more on video that sells the luxury of the camps, the animals, and the experience from the eyes of visitors.

Find noteworthy travelers that are influencers. Ideally people who have audiences with a more affluent demographic. Anthony Bourdain would be a dream example - a celebrity who appeals to people 40+ all over the world, predominantly the US. I haven’t done the research yet, but I am sure there are lots of notable celebs and people who are YouTube or Instagram famous, and that would be excited about a free luxury safari. We would bring own videographer (1, maybe 2 people) to document everything and/or have the travelers create videos of their own.

You could even create a contest out of it if you get the right people involved — bring a group of 5 people that are YouTube famous and tell them that whoever gets the most views on their recap video or all the videos they create from the trip will get to pick a charity for a sizable donation… or something along those lines.

Create a ton of themed content, and build out a social calendar that pushes 3-5 themes per month to create as much awareness and understanding in your audience as possible. Theme ideas include:
Individual camps, the amenities, the rooms, the beauty, the food
Individual travelers and their experiences
Wilderness guides, their background, and their love of nature and the camps they work at

Note: Wilderness is the Rolls Royce of safaris, so the video should be professionally shot if we’re going to push it out, so it either needs to be done by experienced travelers/videographers (people like Ian who have a following) or we need to hire professional crews to do it.


Launch Adwords Campaign

Once the website has been updated and new social content is launching, we can begin driving additional traffic to the site to generate more leads and bookings. We should launch an Adwords campaign geared at keywords indicative of someone looking to go on an African vacation.

We’ll ensure the new website is set up with the latest tech to track every user’s journey from entering the site until they leave or convert into a lead. Then, we’ll optimize the site further towards our goals.

My Favorites: 
Websites:
http://www.abercrombiekent.com/
https://www.rhinoafrica.com/en
http://www.africatravelresource.com/
https://www.jacadatravel.com

Facebook Pages:
https://www.facebook.com/NaturalHabitatAdventures
https://www.facebook.com/AbercrombieKent/
https://www.facebook.com/RhinoAfrica
https://www.facebook.com/andBeyondTravel

YouTube Pages:
https://www.youtube.com/user/RhinoAfricaSafaris
https://www.youtube.com/user/NaturalHabitatAdv

Overall, my winner for best web presence is… Rhino Africa —> https://www.rhinoafrica.com/en



Generally Speaking: Best Practices By Agencies With Great Web Presences

Professional and goal-optimized homepage
Clean header image or video with an up-front call to action
Establishes credibility with testimonials and/or awards/reviews/ratings
Provides an easy way to get in touch for support or questions
Clear organization of content allows for easy navigation
Design is optimized for web and mobile

2. Website provides an effective sales funnel
Home page provides intelligent entry points
It is clear that some people are looking to travel by location, while others want a specific experience. 
The flow from the homepage to data-capture/booking contains the right amount of content, information, and intuitive calls to action
Data capture is not overly aggressive (asks for the minimum information needed to generate legitimate leads)

3. Social media presence inspires, informs, and sells the audience on African Safaris
Posts include a mixture of content - photos, videos and external links
Content include a mixture of themes - personal (guests and guides), experiential (animals and landscapes), and sales (camps, amenities, and links to book/buy)
Ad spend is employed intelligently